[Documentation][feature/otx] Add Object Detection Tutorial (#1469)
open-edge-platform/training_extensions: docs/source/tutorials/advanced/semi_sl.rst

############################
Use Semi-Supervised Learning
############################

<Guidelines for writing>

> It describes how to use Semi-Supervised Learning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial explains how to employ semi-supervised learning with OTX.
```
